# WRIT 320 Week 1
---
**Technical Writing** is, in my opinion, part of the communications field. A technical writer is a bridge, a person who can allow different fields and different expertise levels to interact. A manual, for example, allows the manufacturer to communicate the proper use of a product to someone who has never used it. A sales report allows administration to understand information about sales without having a background in economics. Because of this, a technical writer must work closely with the group they are attempting to "translate" from and to, and have an understanding of what is easy for the reader to understand. It uses easy-to-understand language and only gives the **minimum** amount of information required to explain the process or goal that the writing covers. Any skill level within the target audience should be able to easily understand a piece of technical writing.  

*Academic Writing* has a different intent than technical writing, in that it inherently wants to be read by someone in the same field, or at least interested in the same field. A biologist will likely write a research paper in a way that it is easy for other biologists to understand; the intended audience is usually not sociologists. Therefore, academic writing does not usually make an effort to translate for a different field or expertise level. Additionally, academic writing focuses on the findings, rather than the process. While the nature of academic writing is intended to allow for replication of an experiment, the purpose of the paper is to show what was found in said experiment.

[A source I referenced.](https://contentdada.com/blog/2018/05/24/academic-technical-writing/)
